Hello, today we have four
bodies 4 packages immediately unpacked them
you are not behind him learn not to cut so
further came trinkets unnecessary but
I need someone I don't need most
general let's start
these are cow rhinestones
times went 60 days
very long 2 millimeter rhinestones
at all
sizes are different mostly 2
millimeter there is a square nickname and there is
rectangular here is 60 rubles so
a box are worth thinking pretty cheap
1440 pieces but there are hardly so many of them
typed in
there may be a thousand less the following
more rhinestones came multicolored
rectangular two millimeters and here
they cost 120 like rubles or 100
rubles
about this and also it says that
1000 pieces or 1000
exactly thinking with aliexpress
they are very
about 40 days let phrases rhinestones
quickly came on
the seeds came for almost 70 days 70 days
these are rose seeds
oh roses ru strawberry seeds yes yes yes
seeds of various kinds of strawberries
sifty pieces ten kinds of strawberry yellow
who else with screw do not remember English
badly knows multi-colored strawberry
red strawberry black strawberry too
many manuals
on the internet for these strawberries in general when
movement on all seeds is green
strawberry pink blue chuk is a war not
I know very much at all
on the Internet they write about it and about these
seeds about all these strawberry roses and so
further ask the seeds that they are very difficult in
games grow that is here here here
thousands of about 1000 seeds
strawberries and can come from a couple
bushes can bushes 10 you can go not
more
if you care properly the fridge of them
start keeping then somewhere warm
somewhere else so much for mouth of
I won't bother much about it
let them lie
Well, the next thing that came to me
I ordered an adapter for the sound card
the usual three and a half millimeters
sound card stuck for laptop
Statement ordered to make it easier to to
speakers could get here
33 meters three meters
wire next stick next
The adapter is the same and is stuck in
column so you can not column
it is very convenient to drag such cords
scatter so strawberries whole strawberries
set
Strawberries cost 60 rubles and so
adapter 30 rubles worth 35 somewhere
in this area there are roughly references
leave a video subscribe to
channel all bye